#### User Access


As of right now, all users must log in via meetup.com. No verification of membership in the Women In Tech group currently exists. This verification must be implemented before the forum is released. For the initial iteration, no user data will be collected directly from the user. User names will be the display names used on meetup.com. No passwords, email addresses, or otherwise sensitive data will be stored in our database. Eventually, we could (and probably should) require users to set a unique, public-facing identifier to prevent confusion around duplicate display names. User avatars will also be pulled directly from meetup.com. To avoid unnecessary costs in the initial iteration, we will not support hosting user images.


---


#### Announcements and Articles


I found a wonderful, albeit older, UX article on news feed designs, and I'm using some of their points as the basis of the acceptance criteria for the WIT news and events listing.  The whole article is [here](https://uxmag.com/articles/the-news-feed).


##### Defining the News + Events (NE) Feed


In the initial iteration, this will be a single-column display of content objects, including upcoming event descriptions, blog post snippets, tweets, or links. These objects are serial, in reverse chronological order, and without sorting options. A later iteration of the feed may include some filtering abilities.


##### The Devil is in the Details


Something of note: no "news" content object will exist. Short announcements can be added to the feed via the WIT twitter feed (more on that later). If more than 140 characters are needed, a blog post can be used.


Blog posts will have two general categories: article or announcement. These will be mutually exclusive, as they will determine how (and possibly if) the post is presented in the NE feed. Full articles can be presented in the feed with a snippet, either generated by the content of the post or explicitly defined by the author of the post. Posts designated as announcements will likely have a character limit or other content restrictions (such as no embedded images).


The mechanism by which posts (either article or announcement) are created will be the same. A single form, accessible only by authorized admin users, will be provided. In the initial iteration, only text will be supported. Later iterations will include basic formatting (likely using markdown) and embedded image support.


---


#### Mentorship


The form will collect the details listed below for users wanting to participate in a mentorship. All form content will be emailed directly to designated site admins or mentorship coordinators. This data will not be permanently stored in our database, though it may be temporarily stored until receipt is confirmed by an authorized user.


Data expected for mentor applicants:
 - Name (last, first)
 - Email
 - Phone
 - Company Name
 - Job Title
 - Years in Tech


Data expected for men-tee applicants:
 - Name (last, first)
 - Email
 - Phone
 - Current Tech Status (select from: Student [TTC, CSU, Iron Yard, CofC, Other], Young Professional, Other)
 - "What are you hoping to gain from your mentor?"


The description of the mentorship will be as Valerie Sessions previously provided:


> Through mentorship, WIT seeks to build a community of support for all women in tech in Charleston, SC. Mentors can share experiences and offer support for students and young professionals in the area. This can be a simple as virtual support through email/Facebook/twitter or occasional coffee or lunch. Please fill out the form below to become a mentor or request a mentor. Be sure to read our guidelines and accept the terms of the mentorship program. Thank you for your support of the WIT in Charleston, SC.


The request for this section made mention of "a small set of fine print guidelines". These guidelines will need to be drafted before the form can be released. No form submissions will be allowed without an acceptance of these guidelines.


---


#### Forum


##### Permissions


The forum will be released after the Articles + Announcements feature area. All users with verified membership in the WIT group on meetup.com will have full access to the forum.
The initial iteration of the forum will support multiple boards. Boards will consist of multiple topics (threads). Board creation will be limited to admin users in the first iteration. All users will be able to create new topics within a board. All users will be able to reply to existing topics.


##### Posting in the Forum


The initial iteration will support plain-text content. Later iterations will support basic formatting (likely using markdown) and embedded image support. All images posted will be externally hosted.


All posts will include the display name and avatar of the author. All posts will include the creation date and time.


A later iteration will include the ability for a user to edit their own post. A user will never be able to delete a post.


##### Moderation


A later iteration will introduce a new user tier of moderator. The primary purpose of the moderator user class is to curtail misuse or abuse of the forum. For the initial iteration, this responsibility will fall to the site admins.


Moderators will be designated by site admins.


A moderator will have the ability to modify forum posts by any user. Any post modified by a moderator will be clearly indicated as such. Moderators will be required to provide a public-facing reason for any modifications.


Moderators will have the authority to temporarily ban users from posting in the forum. Permanent bans will only be approved by site admins. Temporary and permanent bans must have adequate cause.


The procedure for any post-modifications or ban will need to be explicitly outlined and available to all users. This must be done before the forum is released.


---


#### WIT Twitter Account


There is an account under the display name 'chs_techette' that is reserved for use by admins of the WIT site. The intention is to pull tweets from this account into the NE feed. Specific requirements (including any changes to the twitter handle) can be determined at a later date. This feature will not be available until after all major feature areas (NE feed, Articles + Announcements, Forum, Mentorship Form) have been implemented.
